recipe_name: Pancakes
description: This simple and delicious pancake recipe, is perfect for weekend breakfasts.
image: upload image named pancakes
ingredient1: 2 eggs
ingredient2: Milk
ingredient3: floor
direction1: Whisk eggs and milk together in a jug. Sift flour into a large bowl. Combine, stir and whisk.
direcion2: Heat a large non-stick frying pan over medium heat. Grease pan with butter or spray with cooking oil. Using 1/4 cup mixture per pancake, cook 2 pancakes for 2 minutes or until bubbles appear on surface. Turn and cook for a further 1-2 minutes or until cooked through. Transfer to a plate. 


recipe_name: Fried Chicken
description: A garlicky, buttermilk batter takes these fried chicken drumsticks to a whole new level.
image: upload image named friedchicken
ingredient1: buttermilk 
ingredient2: garlic
direction1:  Combine the buttermilk and garlic in a large shallow ceramic or glass dish. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Season. Cover. Place in the fridge for 2 hours to marinate.
direcion2: Preheat oven to 200C. Line 2 large baking trays with baking paper. and bake chicken for 30min


recipe_name: hawaian pizza
description: These delicious hawaian pizzas are perfect on a lazy weekend when you want something easy, but tasty. Ready in just half an hour, they'll be gobbled up half that time!
image: upload image named hawaianpizza
ingredient1: pineapples
ingredient2: cheese
direction1: Preheat oven to 200degrees
direction2: Line 2 baking trays with baking paper. Place the pizza bases on the lined trays. Spread evenly with the taco sauce. Arrange the pineaples  and cheese on top. Bake for 12-15 mins or until the cheese melts and is golden.


recipe_name: chipotle
description: This easy one-pan dinner is high in fibre, with delicious succulent pulled pork and a melted golden cheese topping
image: upload image named chipotle
ingredient1: 500g pork shoulder
ingredient2: black beans and corn kernels
ingredient 3: rice
direction1: Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a 7cm-deep, 24cm round (base) shallow flameproof baking dish over medium-high heat. Season pork with salt and pepper. Add to pan. Cook for 2 minutes each side or until browned. 
direcion2: Add rice. Stir until well coated in oil. Add beans, corn, pork and 1 3⁄4 cups cooking liquid. Stir to combine. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Cover. Cook for 15 minutes (do not remove lid before end of cooking time). Stand for 2 minutes.

